# Day 30

Happy Friday. I got sucked into working on my homepage last night. I was getting sick of the look of both the resume page, as well as the dropdown for the diary. I started working on the about page but spent more time in "design" that I put it down. halfway into me watching an episode of Electronic Dreams last night however, it struck me on how to build the diary page. I wanted some small content on the page as if it was a blog.... and I didn't want to have to load everything. So instead, what I am doing is, when you go to the diary page, it reads the main page for weeks and generates an array of buttons for each week. After that, it takes the last page, reads the days, and of those days, reads the content, and generates a mini starter text on the card control each page displays on. As you click the buttons for each week, it clears out the control and puts the data for that week on the page. I think it's a real slick way of doing paging completely client-side. I was even able to take the week number and calculate out the days each blog was created. Super happy with the results. I woke up this morning, fixed a bug with the new diary page where mobile wouldn't work, and got back to the about page. I was inspired by some of the other personal page templates I've seen, as well as the Apple homepage... and how as you scroll images and content load over things. (called Parallax Scrolling) So... I worked out the code thanks to w3 schools and generated my own about me page. I think it looks way cleaner than having a resume page. Seeing as how I've done "overtime" this week, and how nice it is outside, that I should take a half-day. I can start back up next week... which is already more than half booked, as I have MS Build and an agile training Tuesday through Thursday. 