# Day 58
## Last day of posting

This is it. I had a meeting with my current workplace and received news today that my furlough will be complete. That said, not exactly the news I was looking for, however, this does allow me to hesitantly put this down. My focus right now will not be on learning new tech, so I feel it's time I close this project, and essentially release it as it is, a project. 

This was not the only thing I had to put down. My custom Linux remote desktop distro as well as my chatbot both were turned off or removed. 

My hope in this log was 2 things. Given a 12 week timeframe, to see what I could learn, and take in, which I might add, has been a lot! I feel the 12 weeks has given me a lot of time to become a better developer and learn a slew of new things that I normally would not have had the time to learn.

The second thing this experiment did, was to build a product. This page itself is a project onto itself. All of my blog posts are markdown files located in a separate Github repo. The date times, shown on each page, are calculated out date times, based on a start date, and taking the number of weeks, multiplying them by the order of the blog, to output the date it was written. As long as I did one post a day, it would generate the correct date. The ability to page was also a small project. having a subgroup of pages on the top to select from made things interesting. Playing with a markdown engine, and taking markdown, and converting it to HTML was a 1 line change, but made a world of difference on page performance, and not having to utilize an Iframe to display the contents of the page itself. And the Keywords and search functionality! Something I am very happy with. I found a 3rd party keyword extractor and built a small app (can be released as an open-source project... I'd like to hear feedback from you on this... email me) that would run through my blogs, extract keywords, save records run through in a DB, and generate a small (under 100k) JSON object file I would check-in along with my blog post. This JSON object is the data source that both the keywords list to the left, as well as the search bar to the top, reads off of. 

I will continue my learning and tweaking of both this project, as well as other projects I have on my Github (I have some ideas, that will have either already been implemented or will be soon including a view all button, as well as removing the modal popup completely and putting the full text in the view card of the blog item), but I will not be dedicating the 9-5 work ethic on it like I have been. 